# Lisbon-Treaty
The Treaty of Lisbon (formerly known as the Reform Treaty) is an international agreement that amends the two treaties which form the constitutional basis of the European Union (EU). The Treaty of Lisbon was signed by the EU Member States on 13 December 2007 and entered into force on 1 December 2009. The stated objective of the Treaty was to "complete the process started by the Treaty of Amsterdam [1997] and by the Treaty of Nice [2001] intending to improve the efficiency and constitutional authority of the Union and to improving the cohesiveness of its action". Critics of the Lisbon Treaty, such as former Danish MEP Jens-Peter Bonde, argued that it would consolidate the EU and undermine democracy by "moving power away" from national electorates. Opponents believe that it brings more checks and balances to the EU system, with greater powers for the European Parliament and a new role for national parliaments.the data refers to the output of the poll that was conducted between 20th to 23rd November 2009 by the Mill ward Brown Lansdowne after the referendum on October 2008 and June 2009 to analyze the attitude of Irish citizens about European integration. The poll had a sample size of 1,002 respondents, was designed to be representative of all persons aged 18+ who were eligible to vote. Quotas were set according to the 2006 census, based on region, sex, age, and socio-economic group. The context of the poll was to report the voting behavior of individuals including not only how they respond in 2009 voting but also to recall whether and how they voted in the first Lisbon referendum the previous year. Media use also falls into this category of reported behavior as do various aspects of campaign exposure. The survey also takes into consideration the possible measure of a wide array of attitudes, ranging from a sense of national and European identity to particular preferences regarding policies and processes in the European arena. The dataset contains 338 attributes based on the output of different questioners they were asked. All the output of the survey was MCQ type where the respondents have to choose one option based on their choices.
